so I'm just a standing start out and I'm
just going to do the boot it again
please never look there you go peaking
at 1.3 settling at one point two and the
or kind man sensors say logs 343 that's
with the wrong box fitted
so what the relics is doing is now is
tricking the ECU into thinking I'm doing
less boost and that's allowing the
to keep fueling you can see that pulling
nice and hard
and basting at one point too
nice acceleration from
exhaust got ten picture now 550 degree
so not excessive and as they dropped me
for back off just see now the Austin
sources person temperature dropping as
you would expect with it
let me count
so what I'm gonna do is you know any day
can get spoke so I'm gonna do is boost
account now so you can see the
acceleration go up and that's the wrong
box for you definitely increase the
performance of the truck without them
pulling hard now good acceleration rate
our fountain Red's fuel still pumping
into the engine exhaust cap which went
up to about 580 and I'm thinking a lot
nicely there with boost just under five
we're there
now back down on the white sensor the
voltage for the boost pressure of 2 to 6
volts
a little bit of a field test just to
give you the heads up
how it actually old works in reality